What do I have on hand is none of your business
Why do you think your sister doesn't draw enough?
A few more knives
Why don't you let go at least?
Tell me if there are any eunuchs
Mom, did you see it?
He's a commander's vixen
My brother is starting to favor him
Okay, Jing'er doesn't have to entangle with that woman
My life
Certainly not someone of such inferior character
Sister Tian
I'll ask you one last time
Do you have a crescent moon eunuch in your hands?
I have a eunuch in my hand
But what does it have to do with them?
What are you going to do to my eyebrows?
His name is Gu Tian now
At the Qingya Conservatory of Music
Is this my sister Gu Tian?
Hey, just in time for me to ask you
Sweet slightly is very in the end there is no crescent eunuch
Don't let them discover Wei Wei's true identity
Otherwise, how can you get money from the classics?
What eunuch?
He has nothing in his hands
brother
What are you saying?
My sister is ignorant
I'll take it away